then all the tribes of Israel came to
David at Hebron and spoke indeed we are
your bone and your flesh also in time
past when saul was king over us you were
the one who led israel out and brought
them in and the lord said to you you
shall Shepherd my people Israel and be
ruler over Israel therefore all the
elders of Israel came to the king at
Hebron and King David made a covenant
with them at Hebron before the Lord and
they anointed David king over Israel
David was 30 years old when he began to
reign and he reigned 40 years in Hebron
he reigned over Judah seven years and
six months and in Jerusalem he reigned
33 years over all Israel and Judah and
the Khanna's men went to Jerusalem
against the chebyshev's the inhabitants
of the land who spoke to David you shall
not come in here
but the blind and Elaine will repel you
David cannot come in here nevertheless
David took the stronghold of Zion that
is the City of David
now David said on that day whoever
climbs up by way of the water shaft and
defeats the Jebusites
the lame and the blind who are hated by
David soul he shall be chief and captain
therefore they say the blind and the
lame shall not come into the house then
David dwelt in the stronghold and called
it the City of David and David built all
around from the milho and inward so
David went on and became great and the
Lord God of hosts was with him then
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to
David and cedar trees and carpenters and
Mason's
and they built David a house so David
knew that the Lord had established him
as king over Israel and that he had
exalted his kingdom for the sake of his
people Israel and David took more
concubines and wives from Jerusalem
after he had come from Hebron also more
sons and daughters were born to David
now these are the names of those who
were born to him in Jerusalem
Shambu ah show band Nathan Solomon ha ha
le schewe newfag Sofia Elisha ma the
ladder and Allah Fallot
now when the Philistines heard that they
had anointed David king over Israel all
the Philistines went up to search for
David and David heard of it and went
down to the stronghold the Philistines
also went and deployed themselves in the
valley of Rephaim so David inquired of
the Lord shall I go up against the
Philistines will you deliver them into
my hand go up for I will doubtless
deliver the Philistines into your hand
so David went to bail paracin and David
defeated them there and he said the Lord
has broken through my enemies before me
like a breakthrough of water therefore
he called the name of that place Bale
parison and they left their images there
and David and his men carried them away
then the Philistines went up once again
and deployed themselves in the valley of
Rephaim
therefore David inquired of the Lord you
shall not go on circle around behind
them and come upon them in front of the
mulberry trees and it shall be when you
hear the sound of marching in the tops
of the mulberry trees then you shall
advance quickly for then the Lord will
go out before you to strike the camp of
the Philistines and David did so as the
LORD commanded him and he drove back the
Philistines from giba as far as Giza
[Music]